Doc possibility to load PHP / XML files for modules services (#1337)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/concepts/services/_index.md

      - "My custom message"
```

> NOTE : Since 8.x it is possible to load PHP / XML files for modules services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% notice tip %}} It is possible to load PHP / XML files for modules services{{% /notice %}}
```

what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Is it needed to mention "Since 8.x" ? `8.x` branch is the branch for PS 8 doc 😄

Author: LGTM ... Thanks guy !
